Previously on
The Five Star Weekend:
Welcome back to the show.
My guest today is Hollis Shaw.
How can you cut these onions
without crying?
My husband just died. so I can't
do anything without crying.
My mom's friend.
Linda. she had a girls' weekend
where she invited one friend
from each phase of her life.
I think I'm gonna
do it. On Nantucket.
-Hi!
-That woman does not like me.
So Dru-Ann
gets a whole house to herself?
Doctor's calling
with results on Monday?
-Might be nothing.
-Hey. Jack.
-Who is that?
-That's Jack.
Your mom's first smackdown.
-You smell the same.
-Yeah. still me.
So. when did you and Gigi
get so close?
Matthew and I.
we weren't in a great place.
Matthew. I've always
supported you. And I finally
-have something for myself.
-Honey. I support you.
Can you excuse me for a minute?
Hi. my love. It's me. Matthew.
You're probably already
at the hotel.
I'm heading to the airport.
Does anyone know what the fuck
we're actually doing here?
Are we just supposed to Meghan
Markle cosplay all weekend?
Or did this woman
plan her own intervention?
I mean. I haven't talked
to her much since the funeral.
She's been mostly screening
my calls.
But we text. It's just.
it's been. it's been busy.
-And what about Gigi?
-I think she's nice.
-No one is that cool.
-No.
And she's barely drinking
and it's creeping me out.
Mm. Hollis is allowed
to make new friends.
-I know.
-Do you?
Oh. I am so sorry.
My life is exploding.
I've gotta go deal with this.
It's okay.
Hey. I'm at dinner. What now?
Okay.
Shh.
Oh. where have you been?
Oh. that's so weird.
Henry likes everybody.
He must smell my fear.
What are you scared of?
I'm at a three-day dinner party
with a bunch of women
I've never met?
I agree.
Yeah. this is terrifying. Heh.
Back on Monday.
we'll deal with it then.
Okay. uh... Let's strategize on
how we can be here for Hollis.
Yeah. we need
to get her talking.
We need to get her
into a routine.
-I think work's good for that.
-Yeah.
She invited us here.
Maybe we should
just be here with her.
Is she talking to anyone?
Like a therapist...?
She doesn't need a therapist.
she has us.
Oh. she's tried therapy.
Wow. You guys must talk a lot.
Yeah.
I recently lost someone too.
Who?
-My mum.
-Oh. I'm sorry.
Yeah. we just connected
over that. and...
Respectfully. you're a ran do fan
from Hollis' Instagram.
It's just. I-I've known the girl
for. what. since we were 18...
Yeah. and I've known her
since I was three.
Our kids went to space camp
together. so...
All right.
It's not a competition.
And if it is. I win.
Grief isn't something you fix.
You have to get through it.
-Brooke gets it.
-I heard that on a podcast.
-Oh. God.
-Okay!
You can stop talking about me
because. behold. the famous
Hollis Shaw blackberry tart.
-And this one's not burnt.
-Whoo.
Okay.
it still needs to cool down.
I'm just gonna grab a quick pic.
Lean in.
For the Hollibabes.
Yay. cheese!
You are the Hollibabes.
-Ooh. dessert.
-Okay.
-Look at that.
-Oh. it looks so yummy.
I can't believe you all
are actually here.
I think I'm still in shock.
So. Hols...
Are you doing okay?
Yeah. Forgot the whipped cream.
Be right back. Whipped cream!
Does anyone want ice cream?
She's definitely not okay.
Mm-hm.
Nope. Oh. my God.
Mm!
How's the marg? Too salty?
I have to be able to look.
Oh my gosh! I think I miss it.
Just leave that in the sink.
I got it.
Oh. you don't trust me
to load your dishwasher?
-Never have. never will.
-Is this right?
If this end's for your face.
is this end for your dildo?
If you have to ask.
you're not ready.
Wait. do companies just send you
all of this nonsense for free?
It's free. but I have
to "organically feature it"
in my day-to-day life"
if I wanna
try for a brand relationship.
Is that the same wine
you were drinking at dinner?
-Am I drinking too fast?
-No. I'm just taking it slow.
-Are you pregnant?
-Not that I know of.
No. there's plenty
of reasons why a woman
might not be drinking that much.
-Are you on antibiotics?
-You ask a lot of questions.
Yeah. Sorry.
Oh. my God. it won't end.
I thought you said
it's gonna blow over?
-I thought so!
-Did I miss something?
It was something I said
regarding a client
that was taken
completely out of context.
because the internet makes
people stupid. that's all.
Sometimes it makes people happy.
Oh. my God.
And now. every white woman
who's taken
one Gender Studies class
is explaining intersectionality
to me in my comments.
This is just... Ugh! It's hell!
Couldn't you just apologize?
If I was wrong. but I wasn't.
Posey pays me to push her
and to hold her accountable.
-I'm sure you can fix it.
-We'll see.
Well. guess it's time
for the orgy!
Because what you said
at the door when I...
-Oh. right. yes.
-The orgy.
I'll have to stretch first.
-What's the dress code for the orgy?
-Birthday suits.
-There's no orgy. don't worry.
-Okay.
We're good. we're good.
But we have reached the
games portion of the evening.
Oh. wait. forgot snacks.
be right back.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Let's get her wasted
and talking.
I don't think we should do it
tonight.
-She has to talk.
-I think we should just keep her busy...
-No!
-Snacks!
How about... Never Have I Ever?
Oh. wait.
the middle-school game?
-Yay. I always win.
-Oh. fun!
Let's do that.
That's really fun.
-All right.
-Should I start us off?
-Okay.
-Might as well.
Uh...
Oh. never have I ever had
a broken bone. Drink. bitches.
No. Hollis! Come on. you have to
say something salacious. Okay?
Like. think dicks and holes.
-Okay. I'm sorry.
-Okay. I will start.
Never have I ever
given a guy a blow job
while he's on the phone
with his mom.
-Wait. what?
-Seriously?
-Freshman Dave.
-Well. that's just wrong.
You would've too
if you could've.
-No.
-On Mother's Day.
-I was finding myself. sorry.
-Okay. who was freshman Dave?
He was a short king.
He was cute. though!
-He lived in our college dorm.
-Oh. yeah!
Well. unless he was getting
plastered at... "P" -Bobs!
"P" -Bobs!
Okay. we get it. you guys
went to college together.
My turn. Okay. um...
-Think dicks and holes.
-Stop it!
Never have I ever
eaten out a pussy!
Oh. you're going right to it.
Oh. God. Just been with a woman.
How about that?
Cheers.
Ooh!
-Cheers.
-Wait. you've been with a woman?
Junior year.
She fell asleep
next to a passed-out couple.
that doesn't count!
Don't take my threesome from me.
No. it doesn't count.
You've never been with a woman?
You've lived on this island
your whole life
and you've limited yourself
to one gender.
She's been with Kyle
since she was 16.
Oh. my God. I cannot imagine
being with the same guy
for that many years.
Oh. my God.
I would get so bored.
I mean. no offense.
That's just me.
There's nothing "boring" about
having the selflessness
and strength
to commit yourself
to one person.
Wow. Wait.
are you saying I'm selfish?
I mean. it takes work.
Holly. back me up.
-Marriage is hard. but worth it.
-Yes. it is.
Gigi. save us. Please.
It's your turn.
Oh. um. sorry.
Never have I ever
shat in the street.
-Shat?
-Past tense of shit.
Wow. I've never even
peed outside.
-Wait. you have?
-No. I was just thirsty.
Caroline? What's up?
Aubrey. Tatum's daughter.
I'm sorry. I didn't even
recognize you with a...
-Yeah. I have an Otis now.
-Hi.
I don't post him
because he can't consent.
-Right.
-I recognized you.
like. immediately.
Your mom was very into her
annual Christmas cards.
Yeah. it's-it's an addiction.
-Chip?
-Thank you.
Wait. isn't your mom
like a famous chef?
You're... Chips for dinner?
I just get sick of her food.
I heard about your dad.
I'm so sorry.
Thank you.
Must be awful.
I'm way too young
to feel this old.
-I feel so old.
-Me too!
-Me too.
-Yeah.
And you're pre-med at Amherst.
Yeah. Oh. did my mom
do a press release?
Oh. no. my mom
is very well-versed
in your mom's life
and accomplishments. so...
Listen. I gotta roll him around.
it's the only way
to get him to sleep.
-and his dad's working. so I'm on my own.
-Right.
But you should get out of here.
Go. like. to a bar and be young.
And stupid.
Yeah.
And I'm... I'm here.
If you need me.
Thank you.
Maybe don't bring
the potato salad to the bar?
Just a thought. Just a thought.
Gross!
Maybe.
Okay. wait a minute.
wait a minute. I have one.
And this is the very worst one
of the night.
-Okay.
-Never have I ever...
-I'm scared!
-had my own kid
throw up in my mouth.
Me! I did! That's me!
-It was her!
-My God!
-Oh. my God!
-I saw it!
-I saw it with my eyes!
-No! Into your mouth?
I can't believe you remembered.
-That's so nice.
-Into her mouth.
I can taste it.
Just talking about it.
-Oh. my God.
-It was so sour.
-You were so cool and brave about it.
-No.
No. seriously.
this lady is the best mom.
You're the best.
You have the most amazing boys.
-They love you.
-Thank you. I love them.
-Yeah.
-Maybe...
Maybe we should just talk.
I don't need to talk.
I wanna learn more
about you weirdos.
Okay. Tatum. it's your turn.
Um...
Never have I ever lost
my husband in a car accident
and then threw a three-day-long
slumber party
and pretended
like it didn't happen.
What the hell. Tatum?
We were gonna try
and get her to talk.
No. I think that
we were gonna do Gigi's plan
of just being there for her.
You have a plan?
I mean. this is crazy.
Your best friends
in the world are here.
and we're eating fancy nuts
and posing for photos with tarts
and playing middle-school games?
And you are suffering from
the greatest loss of your life.
You want me to talk about it?
Okay. guys. I'll talk about it.
I mean. where do I start?
I've tried everything
on the internet.
Everything it suggests
for how to get through this.
and none of it has worked.
I mean. I have a folder
in my computer
that says
"Matthew post-death to do."
and I can't go near it. Um...
It takes half a bottle of NyQuil
for me to sleep.
And food doesn't even taste good
to me anymore
because it just reminds me
that I am alive and he's dead...
You can say all of that to us.
That's why we're here.
I thought you were here
because I invited you
to take my mind
off of all of this.
What do you wanna do?
-What I want to do is what I planned.
-Mm-hm.
I want to have a goddamn
pajama dance party.
Yeah.
Okay. Let's have
a goddamn pajama dance party.
-Cheers!
Go. Brooke! Whoo!
Sorry.
Ready? Go!
Here we go again.
Whoo.
-Ocean. Do the ocean.
-Oh...
Do you think
they just made this up?
No. they won some dance contest
with this routine
when they were kids.
They did it at Hollis's wedding.
Was it just the most gorgeous
wedding ever?
It was. like. the perfect day.
They were so happy.
Okay. okay. Okay.
-Whoo!
-Uh-uh.
If you'll excuse me.
I am off to do a wee.
Well. have a good wee!
Sorry. Sorry.
Now. now. now! Get ready.
-The chorus!
-I won't do that again.
Angel. angel!
-What's your husband do?
-Um. he's a corporate lawyer.
Oh.
You know. um...
You go there. you go there!
He's actually involved
in a little lawsuit right now.
Just teeny-tiny.
Oh? Go on.
One of the interns
at his company
accused Charlie of. um...
being inappropriate?
-Oh.
-But he says
she just wants a promotion and
that's why she's doing it. So...
You believe him?
You think she's lying?
Um. no. I mean I believe women.
Just not her.
Actually.
I shouldn't have said anything
because it's confidential.
It's kind of my job
to support him as a wife.
That's what you do
when you're married.
Okay.
Uh...
I'll be right back. Excuse me.
I bow to you.
Dru-Ann get this.
Wait. document this.
Okay. Okay.
Oh. my gosh.
we're getting dizzy for you!
-I owe you a dollar.
-Yeah.
Hey. you know what? Can we
listen to some real music now?
for flight GA 642 to Rome.
please go to Gate 26.
-What are you looking for?
-Cashews.
Ah...
Ah. flight's delayed.
So. are you a professional
nut inspector.
or is it like a side gig?
-Actually. I'm a pilot.
-A pilot? R.A.F.?
No. just your everyday
control freak
who's deathly afraid
of turbulence.
Okay.
Can I buy you a free drink?
Not in a creepy way.
Thank you.
I'm not a big drinker.
I like to be present.
Rawdog my life.
Sorry. I don't know
why I said that.
I meant be present in my life...
-Got it.
-without protection?
I get it. Don't... Say no more.
Really. I should see a doctor
about it.
-Do you know a good one?
-Uh... Well. I am one.
It was just
one of those things.
I was sewing him back up.
and he just...
Look. strokes happen.
Even to 17-year-olds.
And there's really nothing
I could've seen
or done differently. but...
still can't help but feel
like I could've saved him.
That sounds awful.
Attention. please.
It's nice.
That you're not trying to fix it
or make me feel better.
I don't come out of
the cockpit if I don't have to.
I don't like to look
my passengers in the eye
because you know.
what if we crash.
and I'm the reason they all die?
Hey. at least if you crash.
you die too.
I have to live with my mistakes.
Lucky me.
No. it's a lot.
To hold life in your hands.
Yeah. it's unbearable sometimes.
God. it is.
-Why do we do it?
-Yes. why? Why do we do it?
Ladies and gentleman.
we're sorry about the delays.
but due to
the severe thunderstorms.
all outbound flights
have been canceled tonight.
Well. shit.
What are you doing?
Oh. I'm hiding.
-From me?
-From the group. As a whole.
Yeah. no. I get that.
I... I needed a break too. Heh.
I was on my way
to the bathroom to hide.
You can hide in here with me
if you like.
Okay.
Cheers. Did I do that right?
I watch a lot of Downton Abbey.
What are you doing
with that photo?
Oh...
You know. it's kind of cheesy.
but. um...
-I'm making a photo album...
-Oh!
Of family pictures for Hollis.
-It's a surprise.
-That's so nice!
Oh. my God. you're such a
good friend. Oh. you know what?
I have a 10-percent-off discount
to Shutterfly.
I could text it to you if.
you know.
you wanna give me your number.
-Sure.
-Yeah.
Well. We shouldn't
be gone too long.
Okay.
What can I get you?
Oh... Hi!
-Hi.
-You're Dylan!
You taught me
how to boogie board.
I did?
Yeah. forever ago.
At Cisco Beach.
-Caroline...
-Yeah. yes. Totally.
Yes. you had like.
really long hair like a mermaid.
-Yes! Yeah. yeah. I did.
-Um...
-What can I get you?
-Wine?
Wine? Yeah.
Don't drink the wine here.
-Okay.
-I can make you something.
G and T. I can't mess it up.
it's just some G and some T.
-Sure.
-Okay. Cool.
Wait. your dad is Dr. Shaw. right?
He's such a sweetheart.
I caddied for him last summer.
How's he doing?
Um...
-He died.
-What was that?
-He's good. Yeah. he's good.
-Awesome. That's great.
-Uh. one sec. Don't go anywhere.
-I can't.
-I don't have legs.
-What? I didn't...
No! No. no.
No. because I'm a mermaid.
You're funny. I like it.
Wait. I'm locked in. Dru!
Yeah!
-Brooke!
-Oh. sorry.
Sorry. Sorry. Sorry.
Uh... BRB!
Hi. Mrs. McKenzie.
Sorry for the late call.
I'm just calling to discuss
the results of your biopsy.
If I don't catch you. I'll try
you again first thing Monday.
Take care.
Hey. this is Kyle.
leave a message.
Where are you?
I got a weird message
from the hospital.
They have my results already.
I need you.
Tatum McKenzie!
Get your flat ass back out here!
She has a flat ass?
All right. here we go.
here we go!
I'm drunk!
-Okay. ready?
-Okay.
Yeah.
Shots. shots. shots!
Wait. check out
this stutter synth.
Duh-duh-duh-duh.
Yeah. I like
all the different noises.
Yeah. so I met this dude
who knows this dude
who produces for Marshmello.
I'm trying to get him
to sign me so I can
start booking festivals
off-island.
Wait. hold on.
this is my favorite part.
It's a combo of melo-dub
and robo-dub.
Dun-dun-dun-dun.
dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dundun!
Whoom... Whoom...
-Right?
-Sounds like. um...
It's like being in a robot womb.
Yes. exactly. That's it.
You get it. You get me.
Yeah. Uh...
What? Something in my teeth?
Okay. I can't believe
I'm telling you this.
-Oh...?
-I had a very big crush on you.
-Really?
-Yeah. Yeah.
But it was
a boogie-boarding crush.
-Yeah.
-So. don't get too excited.
Well. it's a little too late
for that now.
-Are you hitting on my friend?
-What? No.
I'm just kidding.
Caroline would never.
She's way too good for you.
She goes to Amherst.
And you are
an aspiring wedding DJ.
-Not weddings. festivals.
-Yeah. no. You're cute. though.
-How you doing. buddy?
-He's still awake.
So. I need you
-to take him for a sec.
-No way.
Yeah! Yes. of course.
Hello. Oh. hello. you.
-Hi again.
-Hi.
So. he's your baby daddy?
Boyfriend and baby daddy.
and it's complicated.
What are you drinking?
-Uh. a G and T.
-Classic. How'd he do?
-Not good.
-Yeah. Okay.
We're dancing...
The mailbox is full
and cannot accept any messages
at this time. Goodbye.
Pizza's here.
-Hi. Did you invite these guys?
-Hi.
Thought the party
could use some sausage.
Gross.
Um... We're gonna go
to the bathroom together.
It's a thing we do.
-Nice pajamas.
-Thank you.
It was just a little pajama
dance party thing.
-Oh. Lovely.
-Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
Would you like
some blackberry galette?
I'm sorry. what?
It's like a fancy way to say pie
without a top.
-Oh. a topless blackberry pie.
-Blackberry.
Okay. I'll have a beer.
What?
I mean. you haven't had
my baking in. like. 30 years?
Trust me. it's come a long way
since Bisquick
over canned fruit.
Okay. Well. let's see it.
Okay. that's more like it.
Come on.
you again
first thing Monday. Take care.
What do you think? "Take care."
like. "Chill out. you're fine"?
Or "Take care."
like. "You're gonna die."
I don't know. baby.
Well. I can't handle
not knowing.
You want me to take you home?
She redid this bathroom
because I don't remember this
brass last time we were here.
It's good.
Probably Eddie did it. but...
Oh. my God. these things
are supposed to be so good.
-Miss. miss him.
-Make that!
-See. that's what I'm talking about.
-Mm-hm.
-That guy cannot be guarded. Right?
-Mm-mm.
I can't have anymore. I can't.
I can't believe...
So. what are your intentions
with my Hollis?
What are you talking about?
I'm just here with Kyle.
-She broke up with me. remember?
-Yeah. when you were teenagers.
After which she spent the next
two years regretting it.
Wondering if she made
the right decision.
-Oh.
-Yeah.
No judgment here. girl.
Please be a gentleman.
I don't have any intentions.
Yeah. yes!
I keep getting targeted
ads for this! Can I try?
-Yeah. go for it.
-Oh. Thank you.
So. what happened there?
-Let's go.
-With what?
Come on.
-Jack.
-So. there's a story.
We were together. We were kids.
He wanted to stay.
I wanted to leave the island.
It was never meant
to be a forever thing.
And yet. you're still blushing.
Well. the man makes me blush.
even though he wears shorts
in the winter.
It's so dorky.
That's what I'm talking about.
Yeah. I had a Jack
in college too.
He wanted to marry me.
Do that whole thing.
But then my mum died. and
I decided to blow up my life
completely. so...
I thought your mom
died last year.
Did I say last year? I meant...
Oh. no. I meant that she had...
-Wait. What happened?
-Sorry!
That's a sign from
a vengeful God if I've seen one.
-Or a circuit breaker.
-I think that was me.
-Fuck! Brooke!
-I know. I'm sorry.
It's that plug
plus the mic... Oh. no. Hang on.
Shoot. I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
I've got flashlights...
This big-ass house
ain't got a generator?
-Here somewhere.
-Does this help?
Yeah. Oh. good.
we found a use for that.
Oh. I always do stuff like this.
I'm sorry. guys.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
It's okay.
How long
is this gonna take? Guys!
Are you made at me. Dru?
-I'm sorry. This was all me.
-Where's your fuse box?
We'll find it. How you doing.
Shaw? Are you scared?
Oh. shut up.
So. you're still doing
the handyman thing. right?
-That "thing." and other things.
-Well. I didn't mean...
I'm county game warden.
I own a bar and grill.
-To suggest that you...
-Oh. wait. Here you go.
-You found it.
-Yeah.
I can't believe I don't know
where my own breaker box is.
I don't want you to think
I was just one of those wives
who always let her husband
do all the house stuff.
I don't think anything.
Well. you know.
I'm sure Matthew told me...
Hollis.
It's okay.
Thank you.
Guys. what's taking so long?
Let there be light.
I know. crazy. right?
I could never.
Hey. no. wait.
Where are you going?
Well. usually when the lights
go on in the club.
means the party's over. so...
-Goodnight!
Aw...
-Sorry.
-Goodnight.
-Okay.
-Goodnight. Goodnight.
There's fresh towels
on your beds.
Yoga at 8 a.m.
-Nope. Absolutely not.
-Thank you.
-No problem.
-Yeah.
You wanna grab the other game?
Yeah. sounds good.
-I'm gonna stay.
-Good.
Monday. we'll know.
-Goodnight.
-Bye. Jack.
Bye. Tatum.
Don't say anything.
Do you wanna do something?
Hm... I was thinking
of loading the dishwasher.
When did you get old?
Excuse me. I think I'm a full
two months younger than you.
Prove it.
♪ And it's you and me
in the summertime ♪
♪ We'll be hand-in-hand
Down in the park ♪
♪ With a squeeze and a sigh
And a twinkle in your eye ♪
Wait. wait. wait!
The police? Ditch them.
ditch them! Hurry. hurry. hurry!
Ditch them. ditch them!
-Okay. disappear. disappear.
-Okay.
Sit still. sit still.
Excuse me? Can you exit
the structure. please?
Yes.
Have you girls been drinking?
Just a little wine
with dinner. sir.
Wait. Teddy Bear?
-We used to babysit you...
-No!
-When you were a toddler.
-That's Teddy Bear Cooper.
The most delicious
little chubby baby.
Look at...
we used to wipe your butt.
Oh. God.
-I wipe my own butt now.
-Oh. my God. you do?
Of course.
Okay. we got a noise complaint.
Now. they said it sounded like
a group of elderly teenagers.
-No.
-You need to keep it down.
-Okay. Officer Teddy Bear.
-Okay.
It's Officer Cooper.
Go home. please. Quietly.
Oh. baby Teddy Bear!
-Oh. God!
-Oh...!
No. I can't. If I smoke one.
I'll smoke a million.
How are you? How's the store?
Oh. the store's good.
I mean. people always have
to have their cashmere cleaned.
-so...
-Yep.
I'm sorry we've drifted.
Interesting choice of word.
"Drifted."
Like you're seaweed.
Like you had no choice.
I didn't.
I guess I was seaweed too.
Everyone keeps asking
if I'm okay...
and I don't know what I am.
But you know me. right?
I don't know
this version of you.
Mm.
The fancy. shiny hashtag Hollis.
It's still me. though.
So. I found a lump.
What? Sis.
We don't have a diagnosis yet.
That's why I
called Kyle to come over.
It's just. the hospital
left a voicemail
and I was freaking out.
What did they say?
They said they'd call Monday.
Big help.
Oh. my gosh.
Wait. you might have cancer
and you're smoking.
What. this is the exact time
when you should smoke.
Plus. it could be nothing.
Mmm...
-But. you know. my mom.
-Yeah.
I mean. I've already
outlived her 12 years. so...
I'm a lucky lady.
Don't tell anyone. okay?
I don't want a pity party.
I won't. I won't. Mm-mm.
You know. diagnosis
is not what it used to be.
You're gonna be fine. You are.
I know.
You know. it's late.
Okay.
-Do you need me to help you?
-Excuse me?
-Oh. you don't need help.
-No.
Okay. You're a big. strong man.
-I am...
-You've got it.
One of the bigger. stronger.
-Here. boss.
-Give me the bike.
Oh. yeah. no. it's fine.
It's my pleasure.
So. how do you use this?
-You go...
-Well. so. yeah.
That's the front brake. That's
the back brake. You got it.
-I got this.
-So. hold on.
I think I actually.
I know how to...
Are you sure?
"I take mental health
very seriously.
While playing soccer for UNC
I minored in psychology.
And I'm putting my money
where my mouth is.
I've even made
a large donation to..."
-Are you listening?
-Yes.
Okay. All right. "To not..."
Give me some.
"I've even made
a large donation to NAMI.
the National Alliance
on Mental Illness..."
-Dru.
-Yeah?
You're still missing the part
where you actually apologize.
But I'm not wrong.
Okay. but this is an apology.
But I need my integrity
to be the real takeaway here.
You're still not apologizing.
First. you need to admit
you were wrong...
-Ugh!
-then express your regrets.
then provide context
for your actions.
Why do you even know this?
Famous people apologizing
is my favorite kind of TikTok.
-You should say you're gutted.
-Gutted?
-Yes!
-No! I'm not gutted.
-Maybe you should be.
-I've seen you pee on the floor.
Now you're telling me
how to feel? Really?
-Yes.
-No. Look. I love you.
I love you.
I would even give you my liver.
But your whole generation.
you have all
completely lost touch
with work ethic.
discipline. teamwork...
You can't live
without your liver.
so please don't give me yours.
Maybe I just won't say anything.
Then you're ambivalent.
Okay. well. so. either way.
I'm screwed.
Yes. You're supposed
to be Posey's safe space.
There's no such thing.
Okay. then the person
she can talk to.
You know. I could say the same
thing about you with your mom.
When are you gonna tell her
about college?
You know you can't just
talk to me. Caroline.
-You have to talk to her.
-I know.
I know.
I'm gonna go to bed. Night.
-I love you.
-I love you too.
And. I'm actually.
I'm gonna take these.
Of course. Heh.
Well. I'm clearly
desperate for friends.
I hear you.
I don't get out much either.
Who does? Sorry I've told you
my whole life story. by the way.
No. that's what strangers
in bars are for.
And we'll never
see each other again.
Right. so...
-Uh... This is me.
-Oh. this is me.
Oh.
-Not weird.
-No.
Well. uh. have a great
rest of your life.
You too.
-Get some rest.
-Yeah. Goodnight.
Oh. come on. Here.
I'm sorry. I can't.
You're married.
No. I know.
Yes. I don't even... happened.
-Um... Okay.
-Goodnight.
Goodnight.
Gigi?
Are you leaving?
Yeah.
Um...
I'm sorry.
I just...
I feel a bit out of place.
I think I know
what's going on here.
Really?
It's a little weird
that I invited you this weekend.
We barely know each other.
It's a little weird that I came.
I'm so glad you did.
With Tatum and Brooke
and Dru-Ann.
I've known them for years.
And Caroline her whole life.
So. with each of them.
I've let them down
at some point.
With you. I got a fresh start.
And I really need that
right now.
Please stay.
I need there to be five of us.
Five stars.
Um...
I'll have to borrow something
for tomorrow.
The dress code for dinner.
I didn't bring anything black.
What's mine is yours.